Chu Yun, what do you mean by that?
I told you.
Xiao Jun, you are not King's Landing Throat at all
Yue Ji has already admitted his identity
And also brought Tianzhu wine
Why are you so stubborn here?
I see.
He is King Gizu and has a good relationship with us
Sour to death here
Then I ask you
Why does he have horseshoes?
God took it away
Lord Xiao didn't say
Do you want to give priority to the soldiers of Zhenbei Army?
To Xiao Junlin
just
He was one of the soldiers who fought with the Lord of King's Landing in Beijing
And he's just a little Ming.
How is that possible?
If he were just a soldier
The leapfrog
How could you possibly obey him?
In Zhenbei Army, even if it is a cook
I have trouble in my daily life.
Lord's Landing as long as there is time
I must personally go out to support it
He, Xiao Junling, is the old man who fought
Although the identity
But
In order to inherit the ruins of the barracks
It's not a problem to perform a play for him
Xiao Jun can tell Smart such a small favor
Just deceive your Ye family
Also put Nie Yufei
Such a big beauty tricked into your hands
Humph
What you're saying now is good
Why didn't you dare to say a word just now?
Yes, since Lord Yue Ji
I'm determined to help him with this scene
How dare I expose him to his face?
Grandma, don't trust him
I see him right here
To provoke our relationship with the Lord's Landing?
Miss Chu, you say these empty words are groundless
It's hard to make me believe in Buddhism
It doesn't matter if you believe it or not
Anyway, three days later
It is the appearance ceremony of Lord King's Landing
Then everything will be clear
What debut ceremony?
Lord King's Landing has been fighting against the enemy all year round
Its identity is kept confidential
Yearning is the small number of people
Lord King's Landing has been dead for three years
Bloggers can't bear to make heroes nameless anymore
Benefit from holding an appearance ceremony for adults
And I owe it to the adult in my family
The person who undertakes this ceremony is my Chu family